Improve Linear Regression Docs. (#2890)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/tutorials/linear_regression/linear_regression.txt

responses, for each row. You can specify these responses in a separate file if
you want, using the \c --input_responses, or \c -r, option.

@subsection cli_ex2_lrtut Example Multivariate Linear regression

> Multivariate linear regression involves more than just one variable coefficients, in this example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multivariate linear regression involves more than just one variable coefficients, in this example
```
```suggestion
Multivariate linear regression involves more than just one variable coefficients.  In this example
```

> we will try to fit the data which contain four variables from \c dataset_2.csv using our executables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
we will try to fit the data which contains four variables from \c dataset_2.csv using our executables.
```

@code 
$ mlpack_linear_regression --training_file dataset_2.csv -v -M lr.xml
[INFO ] Loading 'dataset_2.csv' as CSV data.  Size is 5 x 5.
[INFO ] 
[INFO ] Execution parameters:
[INFO ]   help: 0
[INFO ]   info: 
[INFO ]   input_model_file: 
[INFO ]   lambda: 0
[INFO ]   output_model_file: lr.xml
[INFO ]   output_predictions_file: 
[INFO ]   test_file: 
[INFO ]   training_file: dataset_2.csv
[INFO ]   training_responses_file: 
[INFO ]   verbose: 1
[INFO ]   version: 0
[INFO ] Program timers:
[INFO ]   load_regressors: 0.000060s
[INFO ]   loading_data: 0.000050s
[INFO ]   regression: 0.000049s
[INFO ]   total_time: 0.000118s

$ cat dataset_2.csv
0,0,0,0,14
1,1,1,1,24
2,1,0,2,27
1,2,2,2,32

> -1,-3,0,2,17

Reviewer: It could be useful to put a little text between these sections so that a reader can know what they are, and that they are distinct---right now it's all in one code block, which could make it all seem like it's one thing.

$ cat lr.xml 
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes" ?>
<!DOCTYPE boost_serialization>

> <boost_serialization signature="serialization::archive" version="17">

Reviewer 2: Hm, so I guess this is going to be confusing, we switched from boost serialization to cereal, so the output is not what you will get if you build the git master branch and the changes we do here are for the git version not the latest version of mlpack. So I would update the output here to reflect the version of the master branch or backport the documentation to the latest stable version. @rcurtin what do you think?

Author: Well Sir @zoq you are right I wasn't build it from the master branch so the output is using the old boost serialization. But I am also noticing that the output from other example also still using boost serialization, mind if I change all output from the example to using cereal serialization?

Reviewer 2: That would be great, if you can update the other examples as well, thanks!

responses, for each row. You can specify these responses in a separate file if
you want, using the \c --input_responses, or \c -r, option.

> @subsection cli_ex2_lrtut Example Multivariate Linear regression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@subsection cli_ex2_lrtut Train a multivariate linear regression model
```
I think this might be a bit more descriptive. :+1:

> Multivariate linear regression involves more than just one variable coefficients. In this example
> we will try to fit the data which contains four variables from \c dataset_2.csv using our executables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multivariate linear regression means that the response variable is predicted by
more than just one input variable. In this example, we will try to fit a
multivariate linear regression model to data that contains four variables,
stored in \c dataset_2.csv.
```

I tried to make it a bit more clear; let me know what you think. :+1:

@code
$ cat dataset_2.csv
0,0,0,0,14
1,1,1,1,24
2,1,0,2,27
1,2,2,2,32
-1,-3,0,2,17
@endcode

> Now lets run the \c mlpack_linear_regression as usual:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's run \c mlpack_linear_regression as usual:
```
Quick grammatical fixes. :)

@code 
$ mlpack_linear_regression --training_file dataset_2.csv -v -M lr.xml
[INFO ] Loading 'dataset_2.csv' as CSV data.  Size is 5 x 5.
[INFO ] 
[INFO ] Execution parameters:
[INFO ]   help: 0
[INFO ]   info: 
[INFO ]   input_model_file: 
[INFO ]   lambda: 0
[INFO ]   output_model_file: lr.xml
[INFO ]   output_predictions_file: 
[INFO ]   test_file: 
[INFO ]   training_file: dataset_2.csv
[INFO ]   training_responses_file: 
[INFO ]   verbose: 1
[INFO ]   version: 0
[INFO ] Program timers:
[INFO ]   load_regressors: 0.000060s
[INFO ]   loading_data: 0.000050s
[INFO ]   regression: 0.000049s
[INFO ]   total_time: 0.000118s

$ cat lr.xml 
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<cereal>
	<model>
		<cereal_class_version>0</cereal_class_version>
		<parameters>
			<n_rows>5</n_rows>
			<n_cols>1</n_cols>
			<vec_state>1</vec_state>
			<elem>14.00000000000002</elem>
			<elem>1.9999999999999447</elem>
			<elem>1.0000000000000431</elem>
			<elem>2.9999999999999516</elem>
			<elem>4.0000000000000249</elem>
		</parameters>
		<lambda>0</lambda>
		<intercept>true</intercept>
	</model>
</cereal>
@endcode

> If we take a look at the \c lr.xml output we can see the \c \<item\> part has five items which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we take a look at the \c lr.xml output we can see the \c \<parameters\> part has five elements;
```

> the first is correspond to \f$\beta_0\f$ , the second correspond to \f$\beta_1\f$ , and so on. At the end is equivalent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the first corresponds to \f$\beta_0\f$ , the second corresponds to \f$\beta_1\f$ , and so on.  This is equivalent
```
